{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Katie Peckham [00:10]: Hi,  Katie.  Hello.  How  are  you?  I'm  good.  How  are  you?  Hang  on,  I'll  turn  my...  Good,  good,  good.  How's  everything?  I  hope  everything  is  well.  Yes,  everything's  good.  I'm  just  trying  to  turn  on  my  camera,  see  if  I  can  turn  it  off.  Working?  Come  on.  Sorry.  For  some  reason,  my  camera  does  not  want  to  work  on  my  laptop.  She  is  quite  an  old  laptop,  so  give  me,  bear  with  me.\
\
Katie Peckham [00:41]: I've  had  her  since  university,  so  she...  Oh,  there  she  goes.  How's  everything?  Long  time,  long  time  to  speak.  Last  time  we  were  in...  Yeah,  yeah.  Well  over  a  year.  Well,  yes.  Yeah,  Austin.  Almost  a  year  and  a  half,  I  think.  Yeah.  How's  everything?  How's  the  farm?  Good.  Farm  is  good.  It's  incredibly  windy  in  the  UK  today  and  cold.  It  was  really  lovely  last  week.\
\
Katie Peckham [01:09]: And  it's  gone  really  cold  and  windy  again,  so  yeah,  it  feels  like  winter  today.  But  yeah,  how  is  it  in  Brazil?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [01:19]: Hot,  and  I  don't  like  hot.  My  skin  is...  I'm  a  more  Caucasian -European  background,  so  I  have  German  roots,  so  I  don't  see  that  I'm  like...  I'm  pink.  I  don't  get...  I  get  pink  if  I  get...\
\
Eduardo Garufi [01:36]: Very  much  like  Gus  then.  Gus  doesn't  coat  well  in  the  heat.  Yeah,  color  doesn't  stick.  Now  I'm  skin...  My  skin  is  getting  loose  because  we  went...\
\
Eduardo Garufi [01:44]: I  went  into  a  racing  event  and  I  forgot  to  use  the  sunblock  and...  Oh,  no.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  So  it's  okay.  It's  getting...  Now  it's  the  end  of  summer  here.  We're  going...\
\
Eduardo Garufi [01:58]: They're  going  into  fall,  right?  Okay.  And  we're  going  into  spring  now  in  Europe,  right?\
\
Katie Peckham [02:05]: Yeah.  So  we're  going  into  spring,  even  though  it  doesn't  feel  like  spring  here.  It  feels  more  like  winter.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [02:12]: Yeah,  but  UK  is  being  very  cold,  right?  Cold.  More  colder  than  in  Portugal.  Portugal  is  getting  better  now.  It's  above  20s.  Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [02:21]: Yeah.  Every  day.  Almost  every  day.  20,  20 -something.  So...\
\
Eduardo Garufi [02:26]: Jealous.  Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [02:28]: Let  me...  Let  me...  Let  me  ask  you  something.  I  want  to...  I  want  to...  As  I...  As  I  told  Gus,  we  are  now...  We  have  now  a  app  studio.  So  we  are  doing  several  apps  in  different...\
\
Eduardo Garufi [02:42]: In  different  industries,  in  different  areas.  So...\
\
Eduardo Garufi [02:46]: So  I  want  to  use  our  skills  to  help  you.  You  guys  said  to  me...  What  I  want  to  do  in  this  call,  I  have  the  PDF  you  sent.  So  I  want  to  first  hear  from  you  what  is  the  idea.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [03:01]: And  after  I  hear...  I'm  recording  the  meeting,  I  will  send  to  my  partner,  Juan.  And  then,  Juan  will  return  a  questionnaire  for  you.  More  follow -up  questions.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [03:11]: Okay.  That's  fine.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [03:12]: To  build  the  mock -up.  Probably  the  mock -up  will  take  like  two,  three  days  to  build.  It's  very...  We  can  build  an  app  in  two  weeks.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [03:21]: Okay.  So  it's...  For  us,  it's...  But  there  are  probably...  There  are  certain  things  like,  you  know,  payment  gateways,  always  the  red  tape  and  all  of  those.  Those  things  takes  a  little  bit  longer,  but  not  too  much.  That's  why  I  want  to  hear  from  you.  I  understand  it's  a  Pilates  studio,  right?\
\
Katie Peckham [03:40]: Yeah.  Yeah.  So  I  did  all...  I've  just  done  all  my  exams.  Yeah.  So  it's  something  that  became  a  hobby  of  mine  a  couple  of  years  ago.  And  then  I  just  thought,  God,  I  really  enjoyed  it.  And  I  decided  that  I  was  going  to  take  the  punt  and  sort  of  train  in  it.  And  then  very  fortunate  that  we  found  a  space  in  our  local  town  that  we  could  set  up  a  studio.\
\
Katie Peckham [04:10]: Okay.\
\
Katie Peckham [04:12]: So  it's...  At  the  moment,  it's  bare  bones.  So  in  terms  of  app  timeline,  we  have  a  bit  of  time  to  play  with  because  at  the  moment,  I  don't  even  think  there's  a  flooring  there.  So...\
\
Eduardo Garufi [04:24]: So  when  do  you  expect  to  have  the...  To  open  shop?\
\
Katie Peckham [04:31]: It's  looking  more  like,  I  would  say,  June,  because  it  needs  quite  a  bit  of  work  in  there.  Because  unfortunately,  our  local  town  over  this  winter  was  hit  really  badly  with  a  bad  flood.\
\
Katie Peckham [04:44]: Yes,  I  heard.\
\
Katie Peckham [04:46]: Yeah.  So  it  got  badly  flood  damaged.  So  it's  just  having  restoration  works  done  and  stuff  like  that.  So  yeah,  by...  As  we're...  I  would  say  about  June.\
\
Katie Peckham [05:00]: Okay.\
\
Katie Peckham [05:02]: Because  it  needs  a  lot  of  work.  We  obviously  need  to  order  all  the  equipment,  which  can  take  a  bit  of  time,  need  to  do  stuff  in  the  local  sort  of  government  areas,  sort  of  tax  and  everything  that  we  need  to  make  sure  is  in  place  before,  except  there's  lots  that  I  need  to  make  sure  is  in  place  before  we  can  open.\
\
Katie Peckham [05:19]: So  yeah,  probably  June.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [05:21]: What  is  the  name  of  the  town?  What  is  the  town  you  guys  are?\
\
Katie Peckham [05:25]: It's  called  Monmouth.  So  it's  quite  a  small  town.  Monmouth  UK.  So  it's  spelled  M.\
\
Katie Peckham [05:32]: It's  arrived  in  the  group  then  later,  so  it's  not  good.\
\
Katie Peckham [05:35]: Yeah,  of  course.  Yeah,  so  to  be  fair,  Gus  was  the  man  who  suggested  and  so  he  was  like,  oh,  let's  do  an  app.  Typical  Gus,  thinking  big.\
\
Katie Peckham [05:52]: And  because  the  way  I  book  in  with  my  studio  at  the  moment  that  I  go  to  for  fitness  and  things,  you  do  it  on  an  app  called  Team  Up,  which  is,  yeah,  which  is  quite  a  big  brand  that  cover  a  lot  of  studios  use  and  stuff  like  that.  But  there's  no  personalization.  It's  just  a  platform.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [06:15]: It's  like  it's  like  it's  like  a  class  pass  or  something  like  that  that  you  can  book.\
\
Katie Peckham [06:19]: Yeah,  it's  literally  like  a  schedule.  So  it's  a  plate  studios  and  other  studios  put  their  timings  on  this  sort  of  calendar.\
\
Katie Peckham [06:25]: I  think  gyms  as  well,  gyms  and  everything  fitness.\
\
Katie Peckham [06:28]: I  think  so.  Yeah,  I  think  I  don't  think  big  gyms  like  a  commercial  gym,  but  I  think  smaller  sort  of  private  gyms  or  one  to  one  gyms  do  as  they  use  that  platform.\
\
Katie Peckham [06:40]: But  we  were  looking  at  it  and  Gus  was  saying  there's  no  personalization,  there's  no  way  of  the  studio  marketing  being  able  to  market  themselves  on  their  own  app,  like  on  there.\
\
Katie Peckham [06:53]: And  that's  what  got  me  thinking  and  got  us  both  thinking,  why  don't  we  utilize  the  resources  that  Gus  has  to  create  a  platform  and  an  app  to  really  boost  my  studio.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [07:09]: It  can  later  become  a  brand  and  then  from  there  it's  an  equity  building.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:15]: Yeah.  So  so  not  only  to  set  up  my  studio,  I  mean,  Gus  and  I  always  think  quite  big  anyway,  but  he's  like,  then  we  can  franchise  it  and  blah,  blah,  blah,  blah,  blah.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:24]: So  that  was  where  that  was  sort  of  where  the  vision  is  and  creating  a  platform  that  has  the  personalization  of  the  brand,  I  think  would  be  really  good  and  really  easy  to  market.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:38]: And  and  and  yeah,  so  you  you  you  got  you  got  a  degree.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [07:44]: Is  that  the  exam?\
\
Katie Peckham [07:46]: No,  I  got  and  yes,  I've  got  basically  like  fitness  qualifications.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:49]: It's  not  a  degree.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:50]: It's  more  like  a  technical  level.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [07:53]: It's  a  technical  level  kind  of  certification.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [07:57]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:57]: So  I  had  to  go  in.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:58]: I've  done  exams.\
\
Katie Peckham [07:59]: I've  done  written  exams.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:00]: I've  done  in -person  exams  or  covering  anatomy  through.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:06]: So  it's  quite  it's  it's  a  lot  harder  than  people  think.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:11]: But  yes,  you  have  to  have  a  qualification  into  practice.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:15]: Do  you  need  that  in  order  to  practice  in  the  UK?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [08:18]: It's  a  regulatory  requirement?\
\
Katie Peckham [08:20]: You  do  if  you  you  do  have  to  to  make  sure  nowadays  to  make  sure  that  you  have  public  liability  insurance.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:28]: So  you  won't  get  insurance  public  liability  insurance  without  having  your  qualification.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:33]: You  have  to  prove  that  you.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:36]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [08:37]: I  know  for  some  of  the  other  ones  that  signs  in  people  that  signs  in  they  sign  a  waiver.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [08:43]: People  normally.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [08:43]: Yes.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:44]: What  we  call  it.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:45]: Well,  in  my  class  learning,  we  call  it  a  park  you,  which  is  basically  so  each  participant  signs  a  they  do  a  brief  medical  form.\
\
Katie Peckham [08:59]: And  then  they  sign  basically  a  waiver.\
\
Katie Peckham [09:03]: But  we  have  to  have  access  to  said  medical  form  to  make  sure  there's  no  contradictions,  like  if  they  have  any  really  bad  heart  problems  or  anything  like  that  that's  going  to  cause  that  would  put  them  at  risk  of  doing  a  class.\
\
Katie Peckham [09:21]: Hence  why  the  app  needs  to  have  some  sort  of  when  they  first  sign  up,  they  have  to  do  a  brief  medical  thing.\
\
Katie Peckham [09:29]: It's  literally  just  like  a  bullet  point.\
\
Katie Peckham [09:30]: It  doesn't  need  to  be  anything  in  depth,  but  it  needs  to  cover  a  brief  medical  history  to  make  sure  that  if  somebody  signs  up  and  I  look  at  them  and  I  think,  oh,  no,  they'd  be  really  unsafe  to  use  to  come.\
\
Katie Peckham [09:45]: I  would  have  to  say,  unfortunately,  you  can't  come  just  because  they  have  really  bad  hypertension  or  something  like  that,  that  would  put  them  too  much  at  risk.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [09:54]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [09:54]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [09:55]: Got  you.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [09:56]: So  let  me,  let  me  ask  you  a  few  things.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [09:59]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [09:59]: Looking  into  the  app  guideline,  this  is,  is,  is  the,  is  the  logo,  the  logo,  like  a  line  written  with  that  font?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [10:08]: Is  that  the,  the,  the,  the  official  logo?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [10:10]: Or  is  it,  because  it's  not,  you  know,  blank.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [10:14]: And  I  said,  maybe,  maybe  there  is  an  icon  that  is  missing  or  no,  is  this,  it's  just.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:19]: We're,  they're  coming.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:21]: Um,  I,  I  have  designed  some  things,  but  also  Gus  being  Gus  has  also  got  some  of  his  marketing  people  to  make  some  logos  as  well.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:32]: So  we're  just  waiting  on  those  to  come  back.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:36]: And  then  I  will  have  a  sort  of  decide  on  their  final  official  what  I  want.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:41]: I  want  it  to  be  a  one  word  or  like  a,  like  a  single  word,  um,  logo,  because  I  think  for  an  app,  it's  perfect.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:50]: Just  a  single  word.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:52]: Um,  it's  not  too  complicated.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:54]: Um,  it's  also  very  easy  to  create  marketing  with.\
\
Katie Peckham [10:57]: Um,  so,  and  so  yeah,  that  I'm,  I'm  just  waiting  on.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [11:03]: Maybe  they  can  do  a  logo,  like  a  DA  or  flying,  being  a  person  doing  a  movement  or  something  like  that.\
\
Katie Peckham [11:09]: So  these  are  the  options  that  we're  looking  at  and  we're  just,  yeah,  it's  like  people  doing,  there's  lots  of  things  that  are,  we're  kind  of  bringing  together.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [11:18]: Um,  my  one  thing  though  with  everything  is  this,  the,  the,  the  brand,  the  brand  identity  is,  is,  is  going  to  follow  this  green  beige.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [11:26]: Is  this  the  idea?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [11:28]: This  is  the,  this  is  already.\
\
Katie Peckham [11:29]: So  my  personal  thing  is  with  when  in  the  UK,  especially  when  we  think  of  Pilates  and  when  we  think  of,  um,  yes,  when  we  think  of  Pilates,  we  automatically  put  quite  a  feminine  aspect  on  it.\
\
Katie Peckham [11:44]: And  we  automatically  assume,  assume  it's  a,  a  female  dominated  and  female  only  space  when  actually  it's  for  everybody.\
\
Katie Peckham [11:54]: So  I  wanted  to  create  the  colors  and  the  logo  to  be  neutral  and  neither  feminine  nor  masculine.\
\
Katie Peckham [12:06]: No  blue,  no  pink,  no  blues,  no  pinks,  very,  very  neutral,  very  monotone.\
\
Katie Peckham [12:13]: So  that  one,  if  it  comes,  especially,  especially  men  in  the  UK  where  we  are,  um,  in  the  Southwest,  they're  quite  not  to  generalize,  but  they're  quite  manly  men.\
\
Katie Peckham [12:25]: Um,  and  they  don't  like  to,  the  thought  of  going  to  Pilates,  they  kind  of  laugh  at  the  idea.\
\
Katie Peckham [12:30]: And  if  we  had  an  app  that  came  up  and  it  had  a,  it's  pretty,  it's  pretty,  it's  very,  very  good.\
\
Katie Peckham [12:36]: Um,  but  if  it,  and  if  we  had  an  app  and  it  came  up  with  a  bright  pink  logo  and  like,  it  was  really  girly,  they're  not  going  to  want  to  download  it.\
\
Katie Peckham [12:43]: They're  not  going  to,  cause  if  they  have  a  notification,  they're  going  to  try  and  hide  it  on  their  phone,  especially  if  they're  around  their  friends.\
\
Katie Peckham [12:50]: Whereas  if  the  brand  is  very,  the  color  is  very  neutral  and  it's  very  kind  of  soft,  then  it's  quite  an  ambiguous,  people  could  be  like,  oh,  you've  just  got  a  notification  from  a  line.\
\
Katie Peckham [13:03]: What's  the  line?  They  might  even  think  it's  a  clothing  brand.\
\
Katie Peckham [13:05]: So  not  to  hide  the  brand,  but  it  becomes  more  accessible  to  people  who  are  a  bit  more,  I  don't  know,  not  averse  to  doing  Pilates,  but  a  bit  more,  um,  worried  about  the  connotations  of  it.\
\
Katie Peckham [13:21]: If  that  makes  any  sense  while  we  build  the  brand  and  while  we  create  something.\
\
Katie Peckham [13:27]: Um,  so  yeah,  that's  kind  of  my  take  on  it.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:30]: Well,  you  know,  I'm,  I'm  completely,  I  go  to  the  gym,  I'm  going  like,  I  lost  42  kilos  in  a  year.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:38]: So  I'm  going,  yeah,  yeah,  42  kilos  already.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:42]: So  it's  like,  that's  amazing.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:47]: It's  a,  it's  a  lot.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:48]: And  I,  I,  and  in  the  gym,  I  go  to  a  plate,  uh,  to  a  gym  called  homes.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:53]: It's  a,  it's  an  European  network  and,  uh,  they  have  a  big  Pilates  studio  inside.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:57]: I,  I  never  saw  one.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [13:59]: I  don't  know  how  it,  what  it  is.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:01]: I  know.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:02]: And  this  is,  this  is,  this  is,  this  is,  this  is  a  big,  this  is  a  big  thing  you  will  need  to  do  to,  to  change  man's  mind.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:09]: Because  for  me,  Pilates  is  something,  it's  something  for  more  for  flexibility  for  more  for,  for,  you  know,  you  will  improve  your  flexibility.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:19]: It  will  improve,  but  it's,  it's,  it's  that  it's  like,  it's,  it's,  I  don't  know  anything  beyond  that.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:25]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:25]: And  I  know  that  it's  a  girl.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:26]: This  is  girls  do  this.\
\
Katie Peckham [14:29]: Yes.\
\
Katie Peckham [14:30]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:30]: You  know,  and,  and  it's,  it's  a  nice  thing.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:33]: I  think,  I  think  you  will  need  to  plan.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:37]: Well,  the  social  media,  uh,  uh,  uh,  maybe  do,  do  man  challenges.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:44]: Maybe,  you  know,  men  that  never  did  Pilates  that  to  do  a  movement  where  they,  they  won't  be  able  to  do.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:50]: You  probably,  I  can't  do  any  Pilates.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [14:52]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [14:53]: So  I  already  have  thought  about,  I've  already  thought  about  this.\
\
Katie Peckham [14:55]: And  because  Gus  has  ties  to  the  local  rugby  club,  I  was  going  to  do  a  one,  like  I  was  going  to  do  a  couple  of  like  social  media  content  sessions  days  where  I  say  to  the  lads,  you  know,  you  can  come  and  have  a  session  for  free.\
\
Katie Peckham [15:11]: Um,  and  I'll  take  some  content  as  long  as  you  give  it  a  go  and  you  come  and  try  and,  you  know,  it's  big  burly  rugby  boys  from  the  local  area.\
\
Katie Peckham [15:22]: And  it  would  just  be  quite  good  to  sort  of  say,  look,  you  can  do  it  and  it  is  very  good  for  you.\
\
Katie Peckham [15:27]: Um,  so  that's  kind  of,  yeah,  my  sort  of  one  take,  cause  I  understand  that  you  can  very  easily  make  your  social  media  feminine.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [15:38]: And  one  thing,  one  thing  is  like  yoga.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [15:41]: I,  I  messed  up  yoga  and  Pilates  a  lot.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [15:44]: And  I  know  that  yoga  has,  Pilates  uses  machines.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [15:47]: And  in  my  mind,  Pilates  has  machines  and  a  little  bit  of  weight  or  some  resistance  in  the  exercise  and  yoga  is  full  body,  body  only.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [15:56]: But  there  is  a  lot  of  misunderstanding.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [15:59]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:00]: And  especially  for  men  like,  like  me,  40  up,  you,  we  need  to,  to  strength  our  core.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:07]: We  need  to  get  a  better  core,  a  better,  you  know,  core.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:11]: You  need  to  have  to  work  your  core  because  otherwise  you  get  old.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:15]: Absolutely.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:16]: So  it's,  it's,  it's,  if  you  do  well,  the  social  media,  it,  and  that's  why  maybe  my,  I  will,  I  will  get  this  too.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:27]: My  idea  is  this.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:28]: Let  me  just  put,  put  the  idea  here  to,  to  you.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:31]: I  will  send,  I  will  send  this  guideline.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:35]: I  already  sent  to  my  partner.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:37]: I  just  wanted,  wanted  to  speak  with  you  just  to  hear  a  little  bit  more  of  timeline  and,  and,  and,  and  understand  what  you,  you  expect.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:46]: And  what  I  want  from,  from  Jo\'e3o  is  to  bring,  bring  back  a  questionnaire  with  a  little  bit  more  details.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:53]: Because  I  have  a  few  questions  I  will  do  now,  but  it  will  be  a  few  other  details.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [16:58]: But  let  me  just  ask  a  few  things  here.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [17:01]: Would  you,  would  you  be  willing  to  have  the  app  ready  for,  for  people  to  pre,  to  pre  purchase  future  sessions?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [17:13]: Would  you,  are  you  planning  to  do  social  media  and  the  app  launch  before  the  studio  is  open?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [17:18]: So  you  can  create  a.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:20]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:21]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:22]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:22]: That  is  the  plan.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:23]: The  plan  is  once  we've,  cause  Gus  has  bought  the  names  and  stuff  like  that.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:28]: So  once  we  have  a  floor  in  there  and  we  start  painting,  et  cetera,  then  I'll  start  building  the  social  media  content  up  to  this  grand  opening  per  se.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:41]: Um,  so  yes,  I  will  start,  but  I  need  to,  it's  so,  I  can  start  doing  some  content  now  of  it.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:48]: Um,  and  start  doing  like  a,  you  know,  come  build  this  plaster  studio  with  me,  et  cetera.\
\
Katie Peckham [17:53]: But  at  the  moment,  um,  we  don't  have  a,  I  don't  really  have,  I  won't  have  enough  like  content  for  it  because  I  don't  know  how  long  it's  going  to  be  until  the  floors.\
\
Katie Peckham [18:03]: In  and  then  the  other  things  come  once  I  know  a  timeline,  like  the  floors  going  in,  the  builders  coming  into  plaster.\
\
Katie Peckham [18:10]: They're  coming  into  paint.\
\
Katie Peckham [18:11]: I'll  be  able  to  make  content  each  week  of  the  developments.\
\
Katie Peckham [18:14]: And  that's  kind  of  my  plan.\
\
Katie Peckham [18:16]: But  at  the  moment,  the  floor  is  in  there  on  boxes  and  nothing's  happening.\
\
Katie Peckham [18:21]: So  once  I  have  a  timeline  of  the  steps,  then  I'll  start  making  some  sort  of  like,  you  know,  what's  coming.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [18:30]: I  think  we  can  launch  the  app  maybe  in  six  weeks.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [18:34]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [18:34]: I  have  what  we  will  need  apart  from,  from  us  with  you,  we  will  need  logo  that  if  you're  going  to  design,  maybe  we  can  also  bring  ideas  if  you  want.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [18:46]: That's  not  a  problem.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [18:48]: Um,  people  will  Apple  and  Google,  they  allow,  uh,  brick  and  mortar  business  to  sell,  uh,  using  credit  cards,  not  using  their  payment,  payment  method.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:00]: And  let  me  ask  you  this  because  there  is  an  important  difference  between  using  Apple  pay,  the  one  that  we  just,  just  pay  like,  like  we  use  in  apps  and  typing.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:13]: Apple,  Apple  and  Google  charges  30%,  three  zero.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:18]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:20]: From  business  that  are  starting.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:21]: And  when  you  get  Netflix  big,  probably  they  pay  peanuts,  but  starting  business  is  30%.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:27]: They  allow  you  to  not  use  their  payment  gateway  and  let  people  type  their  credit  cards  and  you  use  your  own.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:36]: If  your  business  is  not  a,  a,  you're,  if  you're  not  delivering  the  service  in  the  app,  if  you're  delivering  the  service  in  a  physical,  like  a  brick  and  mortar.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:45]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:46]: Your  thing  we  can  use  like  Stripe  and  integrate  Stripe  into  the  app.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:51]: And  you  will  pay  like  2%,  3%.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:54]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:54]: Uh,  of  course  there  is  the  difference.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [19:57]: And  the  difference  is  that  sometimes  people  pay  for  stuff  just  because  it's  so  easy  to  press  and  put  your  face  and  buy  something.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:05]: And  rather  than  I  need  to  type  all  my  information.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:08]: So  those,  those  decisions,  uh,  you  will  need  to,  to,  to  think  about  because  this  is  big.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:16]: This  is  a  big  decision.\
\
Katie Peckham [20:17]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:18]: Do  you  have,  and  so  this  is  a,  for  you,  but  I  will  send  that  task  list  for  you  then  to,  to  respond  to  us.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:25]: Do  you  have  a  company  already  set?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:27]: Uh,  the,  the.\
\
Katie Peckham [20:29]: Yeah,  I  believe,  I  believe  Gus  has  bought  the  names.\
\
Katie Peckham [20:32]: I  don't  know  if  he's  registered.\
\
Katie Peckham [20:34]: I  don't  know  if  we've  registered  the  company.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:37]: If  you  have  like  a  tax  ID  already,  a  bank  account,  all  those  things.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:40]: No.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:40]: Not  yet.\
\
Katie Peckham [20:41]: Not  yet.\
\
Katie Peckham [20:43]: I  don't.\
\
Katie Peckham [20:43]: Well,  I  don't  think  so  because,  um,  yeah,  I,  I'm  not,  I,  I  don't.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:49]: Not  a  problem.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:50]: Not  a  problem.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:50]: But  we  can  either,  uh,  we  can,  we  can,  there's  always  two  sides.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [20:55]: We  can  either  to  do  to  everything  through,  through  your  company  that  is  set  up.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:00]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:01]: Uh,  including,  including  setting  up  the  app  under  the  company,  or  we  can  set  under  capital\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:06]: friend  and  then  transfer  to,  to  you.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:09]: Once  you  have  everything  set,  because  the  red  tape  of  opening  the  company,  then  you  need  to\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:14]: create  a  business  account  with  Apple,  Google,  then  you  need  to  create  a  business  account.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:18]: Like  this  takes  time.\
\
Katie Peckham [21:20]: This  is  what  takes  really  a  lot  of  time.\
\
Katie Peckham [21:22]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:23]: If  we  structure,  we  already  have,  we  can  put,  it's  easier  than  we  can  transfer,  but  it's\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:28]: an  important  question.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:29]: When  do  you  think  you  will  have  the  company  set?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:32]: And  then  we,  we,  we  discuss  that.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:35]: What,  what  I  do  is  send  this  meeting.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:38]: Let  me  see  if  I  have  another,  any  other  question.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:40]: Let  me  just  open  again  here.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:42]: The  okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:44]: Callers.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:46]: Do  you  app  interface  ideas?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [21:49]: Who  gave  those  ideas?\
\
Katie Peckham [21:51]: I  just  went  on  to  what  I  already  use.\
\
Katie Peckham [21:54]: Do  you  like  those  screens?\
\
Katie Peckham [21:56]: Um,  it's  more  kind  of  a  base  framework  of  what  we  can  use.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:01]: It's  just  a  wire  frame  of  where  the  things  will  be  placed  on  the  screen.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:04]: It's  not,  it's  not  necessarily  layout.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:06]: No,  no,  no,  no,  no.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:06]: It's  not  like  it  must  look  like  this.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:08]: It's  more  of  a,  this  is  what  is  currently  available.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:13]: You  know,  this  is  what's  currently  available.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:15]: We  can  base  it  off  this.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:16]: We  can  go  completely  off.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:18]: Like  I'm  open  to  ideas.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:20]: Um,  so  it's  not  a  strict  thing.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:22]: It's  just,  it's  just  mind  dropping.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:26]: It's  just.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:27]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:28]: What  do  you  besides  the  app  being  a  marketplace?\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:34]: Uh,  I  see  future  ideas,  merchandise  in  the  future,  uh,  retreats  and  expansion  and  collaboration.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:41]: What  will  be  the,  so  app  must  include  the  full  calendar.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:45]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:46]: A  three  month  calendar  for  people  to  book  a  client  profile.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:49]: Uh,  so  everyone  creates  a  profile  in  the  app.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:51]: You  won't,  you  won't  do  anything  in  the  shop.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [22:54]: If  people  gets  in  the  shop,  you're  probably  will  have  a  tablet  say,  Hey,  Phil.\
\
Katie Peckham [22:59]: Yes.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:00]: I'll  do.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:00]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:00]: I'll  have  like  an  iPad  or  something  that  I  use  that  if  people  walk  in.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:05]: Um,  I  was  also  thinking  as  well.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:07]: Um,  once  this  is  also  a  marketing  idea.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:09]: Cause  my  head  just  goes  that  way.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:12]: Um,  before  we  open  putting  a  big  QR  code  on  the  door.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:17]: So  that  when  we  walk  past  QR  code,  bam,  straight  to  the  app,  um,  and  straight  to  the  calendars,\
\
Katie Peckham [23:24]: straight.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:25]: So  it's,  it's  really  seamless.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:27]: You  know,  if  they're  walking  past,  they  go,  Oh  my  God,  that's  a  new  studio.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:30]: That  looks  great.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:31]: Bing.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:32]: There.\
\
Katie Peckham [23:34]: So.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [23:35]: Okay.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [23:36]: So  client  profile,  calendar  messaging.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [23:39]: So  people  can  send  messages  to  you  and  get  an  answer  with  a  payment  system.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [23:44]: Um,  is  there,  is  there  a,  let's  say  I  want  to,  I'm  thinking  I  need  to  think  like  a  client.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [23:52]: Uh,  and  of  course  my  partner  would  do  a  lot  of,  he  would  do  a  product  market  fit.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [23:56]: He  would  just,  he  would  study  the  other  apps  around  it  because  I  believe  from  my  understanding\
\
Eduardo Garufi [24:02]: that  it  needs  to  have  something  else  in  the  app  that  will  make  people  download.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [24:08]: Then  they  will  get  the  attention  on,  on,  on,  on  the  studio  itself.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [24:13]: So  my  question  is,  is  there  anything  that  goes,  that  goes  with  Pilates  that  people  can  do,\
\
Eduardo Garufi [24:19]: for  instance,  at  home  or  think  that  people  can,  is  there  an  extension  of  Pilates  that\
\
Katie Peckham [24:25]: people  can  do  like  at  home  or.\
\
Katie Peckham [24:27]: You  can  do  like  on,  you,  you  can  do  like  at  home  workouts.\
\
Katie Peckham [24:32]: You  can  do  like  at  home  workouts.\
\
Katie Peckham [24:35]: Um,  so,  because  I'm  setting  up  a  reformer  studio,  but  there's  also,  I  will  also  offer\
\
Katie Peckham [24:41]: Mac  Pilates,  which  is  sort  of  traditional  Pilates,  more  like  yoga.\
\
Katie Peckham [24:47]: Um,  this  is  where  to  get  confused.\
\
Katie Peckham [24:49]: Um,  you  could  do  something  like  a  at  home  series.\
\
Katie Peckham [24:54]: So,  um,  you  know,  you  do  like  20  minute  sessions  and  then  they  can  come  to  studios.\
\
Katie Peckham [25:01]: I  don't  know.\
\
Katie Peckham [25:01]: There's  something  you'd  have  to,  I'd  have  to  think  about  what  else  you  could  offer,  but\
\
Katie Peckham [25:05]: that's  off  the  top  of  my  head.\
\
Katie Peckham [25:07]: It  would  be  like  a  potentially  at  home  workout  series  sort  of  thing.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:13]: Or  maybe  even  a  workout,  but  think  about  something  you  can  give  for  free  in  the  app  that\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:20]: has  a  value  added  to  use  the  app  because  it  may  be  a  mindfulness  audio.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:26]: It  may  be  a  whatever  that  maybe  a  new  content  every  week  that  people  say,  Hey,  this  is  something\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:34]: that  I  will,  I  don't  know,  something  that  is  a  content  based  in  the  app  that  is  free.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:41]: So  download  because  they  liked  the  content  and,  and,  and  when  they  see  that  they  can  meet\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:47]: you  because  that's  a  way  to  create  a  brand  around,  not  just  align  studio,  but  around  you\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:53]: as  the,  as  the  founder.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [25:54]: And  then,  uh,  and  then  people  will  say,  Oh,  I  would  love  to,  to,  to  make,  you  know,  to  have\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:00]: a  session  with  Katie  at  align.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:02]: Oh,  but  it's  in  the  UK.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:03]: I'm  here  in  Germany.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:05]: And  then  you  start  to  get,  it's  a  way  to  create  branding  outside  your  local  town  because,  because\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:12]: people  gets  to  know  your  skills  and  things.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:15]: You  can  go  beyond  the  brick  and  mortar  sessions.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:20]: I  don't  know  exactly  what  I  would,  I  would  do  some  research  here  on  what  value  added  you\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:25]: can,  you  can  put  in  the  app,  but  you'll  get  what  I,  what  I  mean.\
\
Katie Peckham [26:28]: Yeah,  no,  I,  yeah,  yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [26:29]: I  absolutely  understand.\
\
Katie Peckham [26:30]: I've  just  made  a  note  of  it  to  try  and  get  my  brain  going.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:33]: Um,  because  then  you  put  content  in  the  app  and  in  the  social  media,  it  will  just  promote\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:40]: that  content.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:41]: So  you  don't  promote  in  the  social  media,  you  want  the  app  and  the  app  promotes  the\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:47]: content  and  the  studio.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:48]: So  you  create  a  chain  and  from  the,  from  that  chain,  uh,  you,  and  then  you  can  brand  the\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:55]: studio  to  franchise  in  the  future,  et  cetera,  because  you  created  the  brand  around  the  app.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [26:58]: So  people  likes  the  app  because  of  the  content.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:01]: You  can  also  do  sessions  in  the,  in  the  studio  in,  in,  in,  then  you  create  that,  that  ecosystem.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:07]: Make  sense  what  I'm  saying?\
\
Katie Peckham [27:08]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [27:09]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [27:09]: It  does  make  sense.\
\
Katie Peckham [27:10]: Yeah,  absolutely.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:12]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:13]: So,  so,  so  it's  like,  it's  like  having  a  small  feed  inside  the  app.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:18]: My  idea  would  say  to  create  a  feed  in  the  home  of  the  app  with,  with  a  blog,  Katie,  Katie's\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:23]: blog  around  anything  that  you  think  is  around  Pilates  work,  mindfulness  or  some  sort  of  concentration\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:32]: exercise,  something  that  people  that  will  create  a  wellness.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:36]: So  I  would  say  overall  wellness,  that  would  be  my  idea,  but  I  will  stop  with  my  partner.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:41]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:41]: Because  then  you  promote  in  the  social  media,  the  app,  you  say,  go  to  the,  I  just,  you  know,\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:47]: just  launch  a  new  exercise  for  you  to  do  at  home.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [27:51]: That  will  help  you  do  this,  find  out  in  the  app,  download  the  app.\
\
Katie Peckham [27:55]: And  then  there,  when  people  get  the  app,  and  if  people  allow  us  for  push  notifications,\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:01]: then  we  can  sell  sessions,  then  we  can  sell,  you  know.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:07]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:07]: Yeah,  absolutely.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:08]: Yeah,  absolutely.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:10]: Okay.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:11]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:11]: We  just,  you  know,  apps  that  are  just  booking  apps,  it  gets,  it  gets,  it's,  it's,  it's  not,\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:19]: I  think  that  you  can  create,  we  can  create  something  else.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:22]: It's  just  my  mind.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:24]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:25]: No,  that's  fine.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:26]: That's  good.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:28]: I'm  maybe,  I'm  maybe  more  crazy,  I'm  crazier  than  him.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:30]: So  probably  I  like  him  and  he  likes  me  because  we  are  like,  I'm  already,  I'm  already  working\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:37]: 10,  10,  you  know,  at  a  hundred  miles  per  hour  here.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:40]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:41]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:42]: But  we  don't  need  to,  we  don't  need  to  get  super  big.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:44]: I  think  you  need  to,  the  app  must,  items  must  be  there.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:49]: And  another  thing  to  just  make  people  stick  with  the  app,  like,  you  know,  use  the  app  beyond,\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:55]: beyond  booking  sessions.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:57]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:57]: One  thing,  you  know.\
\
Katie Peckham [28:59]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [28:59]: I  would  try  and  get  back  to  you  with  a  few  ideas  and  a  few,  a  few  follow  up  questions.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:05]: Okay.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:06]: Absolutely.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:06]: That  sounds  great.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:08]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:08]: Yeah.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:08]: Get  my  mind.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:09]: That's  got  my  mind  whirring  now  as  well.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:12]: Any,  any  questions  you  have?\
\
Katie Peckham [29:14]: No,  I  think  this  is  a  good  start  point.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:17]: Um,  I've  written  down  some  good  sort  of  key  points  that  I  can  go  forward  with  this  and\
\
Katie Peckham [29:23]: what  I  need  to  start  thinking  about  as  well.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:26]: Um,  but  yeah,  apart  from  that,  this  is  a  really  good  starting  point.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:30]: Yeah.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:31]: Okay.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:32]: Absolutely.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:33]: I  will,  I  will,  I  will  let  you  know  in  the  group  next.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:36]: Fabulous.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:37]: Okay.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:38]: Thank  you  very  much.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:39]: Okay.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:40]: Take  care.\
\
Katie Peckham [29:40]: Thank  you.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:41]: Bye.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:43]: Bye.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:43]: Bye.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:43]: Bye.\
\
Eduardo Garufi [29:43]: Thank  you.}